Damn all these beautiful girls
They only wanna do you dirt
They'll have you suicidal suicidal
When they say it's over
("Beautiful Girls" by Sean Kingston)
JR! Sean Kingston!
You're way too beautiful girl
That's why it'll never work
You have me suicidal suicidal
When you say it's over
Damn all these beautiful girls
They only wanna do you dirt
They'll have you suicidal suicidal
When they say it's over
See it started at the park
Used to chill after dark
Oh when you took my heart
That's when we fell apart
'Cause we both thought
That love last forever last forever
They say we're too young
To get ourselves sprung
Oh we didn't care
We made it very clear
And they also said
That we couldn't last together last together
See it's very defined
You're one of a kind
But you mash up my mind
You ought to get declined
Oh Lord
My baby is driving me crazy
You're way too beautiful girl
That's why it'll never work
You have me suicidal suicidal
When you say it's over
Damn all these beautiful girls
They only wanna do you dirt
They'll have you suicidal suicidal
When they say it's over
It was back in '99
Watchin' movies all the time
Oh when I went away
For doin' my first crime
And I never thought
That we was gonna see each other see each other
And then I came out
Mami moved me down south
Oh I'm with my girl
Who I thought was my world
It came out to be
That she wasn't the girl for me girl for me
See it's very defined
You're one of a kind
But you mash up my mind
You have to get declined
Oh Lord
My baby is driving me crazy
You're way too beautiful girl
That's why it'll never work
You have me suicidal suicidal
When you say it's over
Damn all these beautiful girls
They only wanna do you dirt
They'll have you suicidal suicidal
When they say it's over
Now we're fussin'
And now we're fightin'
Please tell me why
I'm feelin' slighted
And I don't know
How to make it better make it better
You're datin' other guys
You're tellin' me lies
Oh I can't believe
What I'm seein' with my eyes
I'm losin' my mind
And I don't think it's clever think it's clever
You're way too beautiful girl
That's why it'll never work
You have me suicidal suicidal
When you say it's over